docs/TimePro/manage currencies (PR from TinaCMS) (#664)
SSWConsulting/SSW.Products: content/docs/TimePro/manage-pdf-templates.mdx

---
title: Manage PDF Templates
date: '2026-02-09T16:00:00.000Z'
---

While using SSW\.TimePro for invoicing, you can generate a PDF version of the invoice you created. This guide walks you through how to set up PDF templates for your invoices.

## Navigate to the Templates setting

1. In the menu, go to Admin | Invoice Settings
2. Scroll down and find the Templates section

![](/TimePro/timepro-templates-setting.png) Figure: Where to find the Templates setting

## Add a new PDF Template

SSW\.TimePro uses SQL Server Reporting Services to generate PDF from invoices. You are given a designated template folder to host all your .rdl files upon initializing your TimePro instance.

To add a new template,

> 1. Click "+" icon to the right of the last template

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click the "+" icon next to the last template
```
